README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project name
Hello Microverse.

This project displays the a header text on the page with my favourite color.


## Built With

- HTML and CSS
- none
- VSCODE, Stylelint for clean code.

## Live Demo (if available)



## Getting Started


**Locate the index.html file in the project folder and double click it. **


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment




👤 **Dickson Amankwaah**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Changed color for the Header and Modified readme

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

Hello Microverse Project.
This project is has a header text(Hello Microverse). It tells the viewer of the site about me and the services I can provide.


## Built With

- HTML and CSS.
## Technologies.
Visual Studio Code.
nodejs and npm.

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started




To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
Locate the project folder in the Repository.
Click on the code button and dowload a zip file for the project locally.
Locate the index.html file and double click it to view webpage.

### Prerequisites
Node.js, stylelint, browser for displaying it's content.
install node package manager(npm): npm helps to install stylelint.


### Setup
Download and install browser.

### Usage
Navigate through the web page to find the information you need. Use the links in the pages to move to different sections.


### Deployment
  Project reside in this Repo. You can clone the repo or download the files manually to your local computer.



## Authors

👤 **Dickson Amankwaah**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/spydaspider/Micronaut-Dickson-Amankwah)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/spyda-spider-a64373131/)



Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
